Sister, you have been in seclusion for many years
Why are you free to come here today?
I heard from Bai Lian that Senior Brother got a good seedling
Naturally come to join in the fun
This is the um
Xiao Yingfeng greets the elders
Get up and talk
The dead plow first
Not even a mortal
I knew it wouldn't come.
Even the book doesn't look down on Elder Gu
Can't blame anyone else
The little trace is not that the head looks down on you
It's really your talent that worries you
Ah!
That's the reason.
But take an apprentice
Except for talent
It depends on the foundation
I have a book of Tianyuan Turning Method
It is the unique secret of Tianyuan
Give you seven days
If you can understand 70% to 80%
I will take you as a disciple
Seven days I'm afraid
Master 7 Days, didn't you say three months?
Your words don't count
It's you who keep talking about this guy's talent
Master, I will give him a chance
Let him try, master
Junior sister, don't be joking
This kung fu takes three to five months for ordinary people
What's more, his qualifications should not be three or five years old
Jiang Yifeng, I just ask you
Are you willing to accept my trial?
Yanxi Tune is not difficult
Just what?
Too short time
It is. It is.
Master, give him three months
If not
Then add three more days.
Make up enough for 10 days
The master and elder misunderstood
I mean too long too long